doc: added library doc template (#5773)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/templates/library_template_README.rst

.. _library_template:

Template: Library
#################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. note::
   Use this template to create pages that describe the libraries included in |NCS|, following these instructions:

   * Use this first section to give a short description (1 or 2 sentences) of the library, indicating what it does and why it should be used.
   * Give the library a concise name that also corresponds to the folder name.
     If the library targets a specific protocol or device, add it in the title before the library name (for example, "NFC:" or "nRF9160:").
     Do not include the word "library" in the title.
     Use the provided stock phrases and includes when possible.

>    * Sections with ``*`` are optional and can be left out.

Reviewer: Should this have a note about taking out the asterisk? 
Just to make sure.

     All the other sections are required for all libraries.
     Do not add new sections or remove a mandatory section without consulting a tech writer.
     If any new section is needed, try first to fit it as a subsection of one of the sections listed below.
   * Include a tech writer in the PR review.

Overview
********

.. note::
   Use this section to give a general overview of the library.

Implementation
==============

.. note::
   Use this section to describe the library architecture and implementation.

> Supported features

Author: isn't more like a requirement? I mean, if to use a specific library you need a pair of specific devices, isn't this more of a requirement than a supported devices list?

==================

.. note::
   Use this section to describe the features supported by the library.

Supported backends*
===================

.. note::
   Use this section to describe the backends supported by the library, if applicable.
   This is optional.

> Requirements

Author: Right, will rewrite the note to clarify my point here. (See answer to Mia's comment)

************

.. note::
   Use this section to list the requirements needed to use the library.
   This is optional.

Library files
*************

.. note::
   Use this section to indicate the location of the library files.

This library can be found under :file:`path_to_library_files` in the |NCS| folder structure.

> Configuration*

Reviewer 2: A lot of IoT/Cloud libraries seem to contain info about initializing and connecting. Where would that fit into our template?

Author: I wonder if these sections shouldn't just be part of "Usage", as subsection, as they seem to be very specific to specific types of libraries.

**************

.. note::
   Use this section to list any library configuration option available, if applicable.
   This is optional.

Shell commands list*
====================

.. note::
   Use this section to list any library shell command available, if applicable.
   This is optional.

Usage
*****

.. note::
   Use this section to explain how to use the library.

Samples using the library*
**************************

.. note::
   Use this section to explain how to list all the NCS samples using this library, if present.
   This is optional.

The following |NCS| samples use this library:

* Sample 1
* Sample 2
* Sample 3

Application integration*
************************

.. note::
   Use this section to explain how to integrate the library in a custom application.
   This is optional.

Additional information*
***********************

.. note::
   Use this section to describe any additional information relevant to the user.
   This is optional.

Limitations*
************

.. note::

>    Use this section to describe any eventual limitation of the library, if present.

Author: Ok, as mentioned above, I'll fix this.

   This is optional

> Dependencies

Author: Actually, this missing asterisk is a sign of me changing my mind on this a few times. To answer also to Willie's comment above, I'm undecided if they should be optional or not.  What I mean is that if dependencies are present they should not optional, but they are not necessarily present. I'll expand a bit the note to clarify that.

> Dependencies

Reviewer 3: I'd be fine with having this as mandatory section that states that a library is not dependent on other libraries and so on.

************

.. note::
   Use this section to list all the dependencies of this library, if applicable.

API documentation
*****************

.. note::
   Use this section to call the API documentation as follows:

   .. code-block::

      | Header file: :file:`*indicate_the_path*`
      | Source files: :file:`*indicate_the_path*`

      .. doxygengroup:: *indicate_the_doxygroup*
         :project: *indicate_the_project_name*

>          :members:

Reviewer: Since this is required, shouldn't it be outside of the note?
Or is it in the note and code block because it'll otherwise throw an error?

Author: Exactly, It is the code needed to show the API docs

Author: Right, the code block has eaten it. Will fix it

   * Include a tech writer in the PR review.

Overview
********

.. note::
   Use this section to give a general overview of the library.

Implementation
==============

.. note::
   Use this section to describe the library architecture and implementation.

Supported features
==================

.. note::
   Use this section to describe the features supported by the library.

Supported backends*
===================

.. note::
   Use this section to describe the backends supported by the library, if applicable.
   This is optional.

Requirements*
*************

.. note::
   Use this section to list the requirements needed to use the library.
   This is not required if there are no specific requirements to use the library. It is a mandatory section if there are specific requirements that have to be met to use the library.

Library files
*************

.. note::
   Use this section to indicate the location of the library files.

This library can be found under :file:`path_to_library_files` in the |NCS| folder structure.

Configuration*
**************

.. note::

>    Use this section to list any library configuration option available, if applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Use this section to list available library configuration options, if applicable.
```

Author: fixed

   This is optional.

Shell commands list*
====================

.. note::

>    Use this section to list any library shell command available, if applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Use this section to list available library shell commands, if applicable.
```

   This is optional.

Usage
*****

.. note::
   Use this section to explain how to use the library.

Samples using the library*
**************************

.. note::

>    Use this section to list all the NCS samples using this library, if present.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Use this section to list all NCS samples using this library, if present.
```

> .. _library_template:

Reviewer: Do want to give guidance on how to name the reference tag?
For example, do we want all libraries to start with `lib_`, or other such recommendations?

Reviewer 4: Many of the library docs have a reference tag starting with _lib_something, but not all of them.

Author: I added this as a suggestion, as there are already libraries which don't use the lib_ prefix

Template: Library
#################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

.. note::
   Use this template to create pages that describe the libraries included in |NCS|, following these instructions:

   * Use this first section to give a short description (1 or 2 sentences) of the library, indicating what it does and why it should be used.

   * Give the library a concise name that also corresponds to the folder name.

     If the library targets a specific protocol or device, add it in the title before the library name (for example, "NFC:" or "nRF9160:").
     Do not include the word "library" in the title.
     Use the provided stock phrases and includes when possible.

   * Sections with ``*`` are optional and can be left out.

>      All the other sections are required for all libraries.

Reviewer 3: I would move this one line next to the line 21.

Author: fixed

     Do not add new sections or remove a mandatory section without consulting a tech writer.
     If any new section is needed, try first to fit it as a subsection of one of the sections listed below.

>      When you keep an optional section, remove the asterisk from the title, and format the length of the related RST heading accordingly.

Reviewer 3: I think this could be omitted, as it is somewhat obvious and can be adjusted during the review.

Author: I'd disagree that this is obvious if we are trying to make a template for people to follow, that could potentially be applied to external contributions. It is just a reminder after all.

   * Include a tech writer in the PR review.

> 

Reviewer 3: I would add a line about the shortdesc that goes before the Overview, as we cannot have a title immediately followed by a header.

At the same time, do we really need an Overview as mandatory item? Sometimes the libraries are so small that its shortdesc is already an overview, such as: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/libraries/zigbee/zigbee_error_handler.html

Overview
********

.. note::
   Use this section to give a general overview of the library.

Implementation
==============

.. note::
   Use this section to describe the library architecture and implementation.

Supported features
==================

.. note::
   Use this section to describe the features supported by the library.

Supported backends*
===================

.. note::
   Use this section to describe the backends supported by the library, if applicable.
   This is optional.

Requirements*
*************

.. note::
   Use this section to list the requirements needed to use the library.
   This is not required if there are no specific requirements to use the library. It is a mandatory section if there are specific requirements that have to be met to use the library.

> Library files

Reviewer 3: Isn't this already indicated by the source/header files in API documentation?

Author: This is supposed to indicate just where to find the files in a more explicit manner. It was one of the original requirements from the JIRA this PR is trying to solve.

Reviewer 5: Really not sure about the added value of this section as the same information is in API documentation as Grzegorz said. I just don't like duplicate information which may be out of sync.
So haven't people been able to find the source file path from the API documentation section or has it not been there in those cases?

Author: We got feedback about people not always finding easily the library files. As the PR just got merged, we can continue this discussion in teams.

*************

.. note::
   Use this section to indicate the location of the library files.

> This library can be found under :file:`path_to_library_files` in the |NCS| folder structure.

Reviewer 4: Could we rephrase this a bit? Something like: This library is under... in the NCS folder structure.

Reviewer 3: Rather, let's use a replace similar to the sample one: 
```
.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/matter/light_bulb`
```

Reviewer 4: Can we rephrase the replace content?

Author: I added a "replace" there but kept the text inside this file.

Configuration*
**************

.. note::
   Use this section to list available library configuration options, if applicable.
   This is optional.

Shell commands list*
====================

.. note::
   Use this section to list available library shell commands, if applicable.
   This is optional.

> Usage

Reviewer 3: I'm a bit unsure if this section is not an overkill. Some of the library's usage will be mentioned in the shortdesc. Other usage options will be listed in Configuration and/or Implementation in Overview.

Author: Well, it is optional precisely for this reason.

Reviewer 2: Francesco, do you mean the Usage section is optional? Because I don't see that. Did you forget to add asterisk?

Author: Didn't push my latest commit. Fixed.

*****

.. note::
   Use this section to explain how to use the library.

> Samples using the library*

Reviewer 3: Could this be automatized somewhat? For example, we could have a script that would run a check of all dependencies on sample pages and check if the given sample page is referenced on the related library page...

Author: I honestly don't think this should be within the scope of this PR. We would have to ask Gerard about that.

**************************

.. note::
   Use this section to list all |NCS| samples using this library, if present.
   This is optional.

The following |NCS| samples use this library:

* Sample 1
* Sample 2
* Sample 3

Application integration*
************************

.. note::
   Use this section to explain how to integrate the library in a custom application.
   This is optional.

Additional information*
***********************

.. note::
   Use this section to describe any additional information relevant to the user.
   This is optional.

Limitations*
************

.. note::
   Use this section to describe any limitations to the library, if present.
   This is optional.

Dependencies
************

.. note::
   Use this section to list all dependencies of this library, if applicable.

API documentation
*****************

.. note::
   Use this section to call the API documentation as follows:

   .. code-block::

      | Header file: :file:`*indicate_the_path*`
      | Source files: :file:`*indicate_the_path*`

>       .. doxygengroup:: *indicate_the_doxygroup*

Reviewer 3: This could be optional for some libraries, such as https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/5838

Author: ok, I specified that a little bit better
